2|Jeremiah 1:5|Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of
the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.
2|John 17:3|And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God,
and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
2|1 Nephi 17:36|Behold, the Lord hath created the earth that it should be inhabited;
and he hath created his children that they should possess it.
1|2 Nephi 2:25|Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.
4|2 Nephi 9:6|For as death hath passed upon all men, to fulfil the merciful plan of the great
Creator, there must needs be a power of resurrection, and the resurrection must needs come unto
man by reason of the fall; and the fall came by reason of transgression; and because man became
fallen they were cut off from the presence of the Lord.
3|3 Nephi 27:20|Now this is the commandment: Repent, all ye ends of the earth, and come unto me and
be baptized in my name, that ye may be sanctified by the reception of the Holy Ghost,
that ye may stand spotless before me at the last day.
5|Mosiah 3:19|For the natural man is an enemy to God, and has been from the fall of Adam,
and will be, forever and ever, unless he yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit,
and putteth off the natural man and becometh a saint through the atonement of Christ the Lord,
and becometh as a child, submissive, meek, humble, patient, full of love, willing to submit to all
things which the Lord seeth fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth submit to his father.
2|D&C 19:16|For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for all,
that they mightnot suffer if they would repent;
4|Alma 34:16|And thus mercy can satisfy the demands of justice, and encircles them in the arms
of safety, while he that exercises no faith unto repentance is exposed to the whole law of the
demands of justice; therefore only unto him that has faith unto repentance is brought about the
great and eternal plan of redemption.
3|2 Nephi 9:10|O how great the goodness of our God, who prepareth a way for our escape from the
grasp of this awful monster; yea, that monster, death and hell, which I call the death of the body,
and also the death of the spirit.
6|Alma 7:11-12|And he shall go forth, suffering pains and afflictions and temptations of every kind;
and this that the word might be fulfilled which saith he will take upon him the pains and the
sicknesses of his people. And he will take upon him death, that he may loose the bands of death
which bind his people; and he will take upon him their infirmities, that his bowels may be filled
with mercy, according to the flesh, that he may know according to the flesh how to
succor his peopleaccording to their infirmities.
